hey youtube I want to show you guys
something really cool that I found for
the ipod touch 2nd generation and later
and the iphone you can download a nest
simulator as i'm sure you guys have all
heard there's a new version of this
package that has support for the wii
remote so you can control your ipod with
your wii remote you're going to go to
cydia and then click on sources and then
click add and then you got to type in
repo dot be your iphone calm that's our
epode youur i am calm and then you gotta
hit add and that's going to reload and
then you're going to add a PT 1 2 3
locker calm and it's going to do the
whole reload thing then you're going to
want to go to search search for nests
for iphone and it's going to be the one
that says cracked and i believe it'll be
a yellow icon excuse me there's not a
yellow icon but it says nest for iphone
its version 1.0 0.0 dash one you're
going to install the cracked version of
that if you want to get this for free
and then the apt 1 2 3 locker that's
going to be the game so you're going to
search nests hit Search and then go down
to the end tab and then you are going to
see oh is that I don't know but it's a
package that says nests games ness roms
package 1 you're going to click on that
and install that and that's the games
for the nests then you got to go to nest
for iphone on your springboard click on
that and then your Wii Remote you're
going to press and hold one and to make
sure your bluetooth is not already on
when you do this or it will give you an
error saying it can't utilize the device
okay here we go it connected so now i'm
going to go um let's see let's do Mario
okay landscape and sound okay here it is
we lost my hand and I'm sure you guys
can't see this at all but uh it is
functioning you press the a button to
pause and play and all that stuff but I
thought that was dumb just really quite
cool and i thought i would show you that
so alright have fun